## Saving and Loading Projects
Once you have crafted your perfect scene you will need to save it. Fortunately, like most things in L-SIM, saving and loading is relatively simple.
To save your project press **O** for output. This will cause a file dialog to open where you can select the place you want to save your project.
In most cases we recommend saving the project in the project directory generated by the L-SIM Launcher or yourself.
Currently, although subject to change, by default when you save the file extension `.lsim` is not automatically added. Ensure that your file name ends with `.lsim`
Now upon reopening the project so long as your `.lsim` file is in the project root the L-SIM engine should automatically find and load your file.
#### What if I want to load a place not in the project root?
Loading a project not in the project root is also very simple. This time instead of pressing **O** press **I** for input.
Another file dialog will then open allowing you to select your `.lsim` project.
Please note that when loading a `.lsim` file it will try to use textures from the resources directory of the current project.
This means that you should ensure that inside your current project you have all the resources needed by your project as well as ths default config and shader files.

**EDITOR'S NOTE:**

_**As of v1.0,** the textures generated by terrain meshes are not saved or loaded so we recommend for now—although terrains are very cool—to refrain from using them in projects until the issue is resolved, which hopefully will be in the next version._

**EXTRA INFORMATION:**
_You can learn more about how fileIO works in the going further section._